docs/quixote/docs/pages/get-started.mdx, before:

# Get started

You can get started with quixote in two simple steps.

First install it.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://quixote.bilinearlabs.io/install | bash -s
```

Then index all existing pools in Uniswap V4:

```bash
quixote -r https://gateway.tenderly.co/public/mainnet \
  -c 0x000000000004444c5dc75cB358380D2e3dE08A90 \
  -e "Initialize(bytes32 indexed id, address indexed currency0, address indexed currency1, uint24 fee, int24 tickSpacing, address hooks, uint160 sqrtPriceX96, int24 tick)" \
  -s 21688329
```



## Install

### Pre-requisites

If you aim to build the source code, the following will be needed:

1. The building tools for the **Rust** programming language. Please, check out the official docs at [get-started](https://rust-lang.org/learn/get-started/) for the installation guidelines.
2. To run the frontend, a complete Python environment is needed. You'll need the **Conda** package manager. We recommend using **Miniconda**, as it is a lightweight version of **Conda**. Please, follow the official [docs](https://www.anaconda.com/docs/getting-started/miniconda/install#quickstart-install-instructions) to install **Miniconda** in your system.

### Pre-built Binaries

The easiest way to run **Quixote**: a single command that will install and set-up everything for you.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://quixote.bilinearlabs.io/install | bash -s
```

See our [releases page](https://github.com/bilinearlabs/quixote/releases).

### Build from Source

This method allows running the latest version of **Quixote** without waiting for an official release. Please, ensure you've followed the steps listed in the pre-requisites section before going forward.

```bash
cargo build --release
```

Then, if you plan to run the frontend, prepare the **Python** environment.

```bash
conda create --prefix=./quixote_frontend_env python=3.11 streamlit pyarrow plotly -y
```

### Run from docker

Every release is pushed as a docker image to our GitHub registry:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/bilinearlabs/quixote:0.1.0
```



## Command Line Interface

```
Quixote

Usage: quixote [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -r, --rpc-host <RPC_HOST>
          RPC URL to index.

          Format: <scheme>://[<username>:<password>@]<host>[:<port>]

          Example for an RPC with basic auth => http://user:pass@localhost:8545

          Example for an authless RPC => http://localhost:8545
  -c, --contract <CONTRACT>
          Contract to index.
          Example: 0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890
  -e, --event <EVENT>
          Event to index as defined by the contract's ABI.
          Example: Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 amount)
  -s, --start-block <START_BLOCK>
          Start block to index (decimal). If the database is not empty, the indexer will resume from the last synchronized block, thus the given start block would be ignored.
          Example => 28837711
          Default: 0
  -d, --database <DATABASE>
          Path to the database file. Default: etherduck_indexer.duckdb
  -a, --abi-spec <ABI_SPEC>
          Path for the ABI JSON spec of the indexed contract. When give, the entire set of events defined in the ABI will be indexed.
  -j, --api-server <API_SERVER>
          Interface and port in which the API server will listen for requests. Defaults to 127.0.0.1:9720
      --block-range <BLOCK_RANGE>
          Block range for the RPC requests. Applies to all collectors. [default: 100]
  -v, --verbosity <VERBOSITY>
          Verbosity level. 0 = WARN, 1 = INFO (default), 2 = DEBUG, 3 = TRACE [default: 1]
      --disable-frontend
          Disable the frontend application.
      --frontend-address <FRONTEND_ADDRESS>
          Frontend listening address [default: 127.0.0.1]
      --frontend-port <FRONTEND_PORT>
          Frontend listening port [default: 8501]
      --strict-mode
          Enable strict mode (stops the indexing when an event fails to be processed)
      --config <CONFIG>
          Path to the configuration file. When used, the command line arguments will be ignored.
      --metrics
          Enable the Prometheus metrics endpoint.
      --metrics-address <METRICS_ADDRESS>
          Metrics server listening address [default: 127.0.0.1]
      --metrics-port <METRICS_PORT>
          Metrics server listening port [default: 5054]
      --metrics-allow-origin <METRICS_ALLOW_ORIGIN>
          Optional Access-Control-Allow-Origin value for the metrics endpoint
  -h, --help
          Print help (see more with '--help')
  -V, --version
          Print version
```

Commit message:

PostreSQL backend support (#62)
[GH-53]
Changes:
- Add the implementation of the Storage trait for a PostgreSQL DB
  backend using SQLx.
- Add a script to start a development container with a PosgreSQL DB.
- Add prepared SQL statements for the offline checks.
- Add initial DB schema as a migration
- Updated deps

* Add unit tests for the PostgreSQL Storage implementation

[GH-53]
- Add a reusable module that generates Logs fixtures
- Adds unit tests for all the methods of the trait Storage

* Extend CI script to support the new DB backend (#53)
* Otimised PosgreSQL backend to use batched inserts (#53)
* Run tests for all features in the CI (#53)
* Insert db version into the meta table (#53)
* Make all DB backends available at runtime (#53)
* Fix for test latest_block (#53)
* Use BYTEA for all the addresses stored in the DB (#53)
* Add docs for the new DB backend (#53)
* Migrate the DB before running tests in CI
* Use prepared SQL queries to build the container
* Automatic detection of the chosen DB backend based on the connection path (#53)
* Update DATABASE_URL for testing environment
* Update docs after CLI change (#53)
* Error when DB content is wrong (#62)

docs/quixote/docs/pages/get-started.mdx, after:

# Get started

You can get started with quixote in two simple steps.

First install it.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://quixote.bilinearlabs.io/install | bash -s
```

Then index all existing pools in Uniswap V4:

```bash
quixote -r https://gateway.tenderly.co/public/mainnet \
  -c 0x000000000004444c5dc75cB358380D2e3dE08A90 \
  -e "Initialize(bytes32 indexed id, address indexed currency0, address indexed currency1, uint24 fee, int24 tickSpacing, address hooks, uint160 sqrtPriceX96, int24 tick)" \
  -s 21688329
```



## Install

### Pre-requisites

If you aim to build the source code, the following will be needed:

1. The building tools for the **Rust** programming language. Please, check out the official docs at [get-started](https://rust-lang.org/learn/get-started/) for the installation guidelines.
2. To run the frontend, a complete Python environment is needed. You'll need the **Conda** package manager. We recommend using **Miniconda**, as it is a lightweight version of **Conda**. Please, follow the official [docs](https://www.anaconda.com/docs/getting-started/miniconda/install#quickstart-install-instructions) to install **Miniconda** in your system.

### Pre-built Binaries

The easiest way to run **Quixote**: a single command that will install and set-up everything for you.

```bash
curl -fsSL https://quixote.bilinearlabs.io/install | bash -s
```

See our [releases page](https://github.com/bilinearlabs/quixote/releases).

### Build from Source

This method allows running the latest version of **Quixote** without waiting for an official release. Please, ensure you've followed the steps listed in the pre-requisites section before going forward.

```bash
cargo build --release
```

Then, if you plan to run the frontend, prepare the **Python** environment.

```bash
conda create --prefix=./quixote_frontend_env python=3.11 streamlit pyarrow plotly -y
```

### Run from docker

Every release is pushed as a docker image to our GitHub registry:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/bilinearlabs/quixote:0.1.0
```



## Command Line Interface

```
Quixote

Usage: quixote [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -r, --rpc-host <RPC_HOST>
          RPC URL to index.

          Format: <scheme>://[<username>:<password>@]<host>[:<port>]

          Example for an RPC with basic auth => http://user:pass@localhost:8545

          Example for an authless RPC => http://localhost:8545
  -c, --contract <CONTRACT>
          Contract to index.
          Example: 0x1234567890123456789012345678901234567890
  -e, --event <EVENT>
          Event to index as defined by the contract's ABI.
          Example: Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 amount)
  -s, --start-block <START_BLOCK>
          Start block to index (decimal). If the database is not empty, the indexer will resume from the last synchronized block, thus the given start block would be ignored.
          Example => 28837711
          Default: 0
  -d, --database <DATABASE>
          Path to the database file or PostgreSQL connection string.
          For DuckDB: path to .duckdb file (default: quixote_indexer.duckdb)
          For PostgreSQL: connection URL (e.g., postgres://user:pass@host/db)
          The backend is automatically detected from the connection string.
  -a, --abi-spec <ABI_SPEC>
          Path for the ABI JSON spec of the indexed contract. When give, the entire set of events defined in the ABI will be indexed.
  -j, --api-server <API_SERVER>
          Interface and port in which the API server will listen for requests. Defaults to 127.0.0.1:9720
      --block-range <BLOCK_RANGE>
          Block range for the RPC requests. Applies to all collectors. [default: 100]
  -v, --verbosity <VERBOSITY>
          Verbosity level. 0 = WARN, 1 = INFO (default), 2 = DEBUG, 3 = TRACE [default: 1]
      --disable-frontend
          Disable the frontend application.
      --frontend-address <FRONTEND_ADDRESS>
          Frontend listening address [default: 127.0.0.1]
      --frontend-port <FRONTEND_PORT>
          Frontend listening port [default: 8501]
      --strict-mode
          Enable strict mode (stops the indexing when an event fails to be processed)
      --config <CONFIG>
          Path to the configuration file. When used, the command line arguments will be ignored.
      --metrics
          Enable the Prometheus metrics endpoint.
      --metrics-address <METRICS_ADDRESS>
          Metrics server listening address [default: 127.0.0.1]
      --metrics-port <METRICS_PORT>
          Metrics server listening port [default: 5054]
      --metrics-allow-origin <METRICS_ALLOW_ORIGIN>
          Optional Access-Control-Allow-Origin value for the metrics endpoint
  -h, --help
          Print help (see more with '--help')
  -V, --version
          Print version
```
